PRIVATE REFERRAL AGREEMENTS - REVIEW HANDOFF

Review route: /admin/referral-agreements (platform administrators only)
Signing route: /referral-agreement/:id#token=...
Offline draft: artifacts/referral-agreements/referral-review.pdf
Regenerate draft: node tools/preview-referral-agreement.mjs

Production release: 2026-10-07. Database migrations and OTP email templates are deployed. The frontend ships through main. No signing link, email, signature, or payment is created by deployment.

REQUIRED BUSINESS DECISIONS
Confirm the company's actual legal name; a specific payout schedule and method;
termination notice and how commissions continue for existing introductions;
and the company's email for paper copies, contact changes and electronic consent.
Saving these fields regenerates the exact draft; review it before issuing.
The draft proposes negative order commissions carrying against future earnings
without automatic bank debits. Review that treatment along with the other terms.
No governing law, jurisdiction, or entity name has been guessed.

WORKFLOW
Apply only 20261007120000_private_referral_agreements.sql to an isolated review
environment first. Existing migrations and local work predate this feature.
The private release process provisions the referral account and draft; recipient details are never seeded in public source.
No customer purchasing agreements or existing representative commissions change.
An administrator saves and reviews the terms and then creates an expiring link.
The raw link appears only in that browser session; only its hash is retained.
There is no automatic email delivery action. Replacing a link revokes its predecessor.
the referrer must verify the account email with a fresh Supabase email OTP and possess
the link. The link expires after seven days; the verification expires after
15 minutes for signing. The link is consumed after signature. The company then
countersigns, locking the completed version. the referrer can return to the same route
after login to retrieve his signed version without an active invitation token.
PDFs are generated from retained immutable text and server signing records;
the exact text's SHA-256 digest is verified before generation and printed in the PDF.
The PDF is a record of electronic signatures, not a certificate-based PDF digital seal.
Records remain private behind database policies and authenticated RPCs.

AUTHENTICATION DEPLOYMENT CHECK
Supabase email OTP uses the existing Auth service. The sign-in/confirmation email
templates must display {{ .Token }} for code entry (both new and existing accounts).
The included template examples retain the existing confirmation link as well.
Configure/review templates in the review environment; do not send a code to the referrer
as part of QA. Test with a dedicated fixture email in an isolated database instead.
Check real email delivery, code verification and session restoration there before
production issuance. Local tests exercise claims and authorization in PostgreSQL;
they do not prove live email delivery. No production Auth settings were changed.

ACCOUNTING
An admin records each introduced customer's checkout email, introduction date,
and supporting evidence. Matching first and future orders enter the review queue
automatically, irrespective of storefront or current referral code. Earlier orders
are excluded. Verified additional emails can be attributed separately. There is no
automatic identity merge or takeover based on a public referral parameter.

Commission figures use ADMIN-RECONCILED cumulative accounting totals. They are not
automatically populated from payment webhooks: existing fields do not consistently
prove actual settlement, tax, processor fees, company-paid shipping, or recovered
chargeback principal across processors. Missing figures remain pending.
Review original gross collections, original included tax, net actual product costs,
actual processing fees, company-paid shipping, and nonduplicated unrecovered losses.
Refund/chargeback loss EXCLUDES refunded tax. A refund plus chargeback covering the
same principal is one loss; recoveries lower the total. Replacing cumulative totals
does not reapply adjustments. Source-record accuracy and overlap reconciliation
remain the accountant's responsibility; the application cannot infer overlap from
manually entered totals. Every correction retains before/after figures and its
commission delta. An order cannot switch signed agreements after reconciliation.
Any source order change flags it for renewed review and blocks payout recording
until previously reconciled orders are reviewed again. Unsigned versions cannot
support earned commissions. Termination eligibility is reviewed against the signed
terms by the administrator; free-text termination provisions are not interpreted
automatically. Totals include all paginated rows, not only the first API page.
Payout entries record completed external payments; they never transfer funds.

VALIDATION
node --test --test-isolation=none tests/referral-agreements.test.ts
node --test --test-isolation=none tests/*.test.ts
npm run build
npm run lint
npm run preview -- --host 127.0.0.1 --port 5175
node tools/referral-agreement-ui-qa.mjs
Browser QA checks desktop/mobile private signing layout, hidden agreement details
before authentication, noindex metadata, overflow and protected admin redirects.
It blocks Supabase network requests and cannot send verification email.
PostgreSQL tests use PGlite and the actual migration; they check unauthorized and
scoped access, issuance gates, verification age, link expiry/rotation, signing
consent, replay rejection, immutability, PDF integrity, repeat orders, tax and cost
deductions, refund corrections, optimistic concurrency and payout limits.

Electronic-record retention/consent reference used while preparing this draft:
https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/USCODE-2024-title15/html/USCODE-2024-title15-chap96-subchapI-sec7001.htm
The draft remains subject to the administrator's actual business and legal review.
